cross-link `gp validate` docs (#3756)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/gitpod-cli.md

> The `gp validate` command is currently in [Beta](/docs/help/public-roadmap/release-cycle) · [Send feedback](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/7671).

> Validates the workspace configuration in `.gitpod.yml` and workspace images. [Learn more about usage](/docs/configure/workspaces#validate-your-gitpod-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about [gp validate](/docs/configure/workspaces#validate-your-gitpod-configuration) in the docs.
```

Just a nit, following the other "Learn more" in the docs. What do you think?
